Flashloan Incompatibility (#8)
balancer/balancer-v3-erc4626-tests: Readme.md

### Exact-Output for Mint and Withdraw

The `mint` and `withdraw` functions must behave as **EXACT_OUT** functions, returning the exact number of tokens specified in their output values.

### Flashloan Incompatibility

> In terms of all ERC4626 vaults, their is an [inherent incompatibility](https://docs.morpho.org/morpho-vaults/concepts/risk-documentation/#liquid--flashloanable-4626-assets-with-share-price-decrease) related to flash loans. When an ERC4626 is deposited into a contract which can be flashloaned, an issues arises where a user can frontrun bad debt socialisation by flashloaning the shares then withdrawing them which amplifies the bad debt. This is limited by the amount which is available to flashloan AND withdrawable liquidity in the pool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In terms of all ERC4626 vaults, there is an [inherent incompatibility](https://docs.morpho.org/morpho-vaults/concepts/risk-documentation/#liquid--flashloanable-4626-assets-with-share-price-decrease) related to flash loans. When an ERC4626 is deposited into a contract that can be flashloaned, an issue arises where a user can frontrun bad debt socialization by flashloaning the shares and then withdrawing them, which amplifies the bad debt. This is limited by the amount available to flashloan AND withdrawable liquidity in the pool.
```
